                                                    Aula 09
                          Receita Federal (Analista Tributário)
                         Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa




                                                        Autor:
                                               Rodrigo Perni




                                             24 de Maio de 2023




https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
      Rodrigo Perni
      Aula 09




                                                                                     Índice
1) Caderno de Exercícios III
..............................................................................................................................................................................................3




                Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa                                                                                                 2
                www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                                                                                                           40

                                                             https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09



                                                     INGLÊS
Apresentação                                                                        2

O que é o Passo Estratégico?                                                        3

Análise Estatística                                                                 4

Dicas do Coach                                                                      4

Caderno de Exercícios                                                               5

Gabarito                                                                            36




        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa   3
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                              40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09




                                             APRESENTAÇÃO
Olá!
Sou o professor Rodrigo Perni e, com imensa satisfação, serei o seu analista do Passo Estratégico!
Para que você conheça um pouco sobre mim segue um resumo de nossa experiência profissional,
acadêmica e como concurseiros:

                                               Rodrigo Perni
       *Auditor – Fiscal da Receita Federal do Brasil;

       * Coach do Estratégia Concursos;

       * Responsável pela elaboração e análise estatística do Passo Estratégico de
       Arquivologia, Recursos de Administração de Materiais, Conhecimento Específico e
       Inglês;

       * Formado em Administração de Empresas e

       * Aprovado no concurso do ano de 2005, na 21ª posição na 2ª Região Fiscal no
       concurso para Auditor-Fiscal da Receita Federal do Brasil.

Estou extremamente feliz de ter a oportunidade de trabalhar na equipe do “Passo”, porque
tenho convicção de que nossos relatórios e simulados proporcionarão uma preparação
diferenciada aos nossos alunos!




         Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa              4
         www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                         40

                                      https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09




                           O QUE É O PASSO ESTRATÉGICO?
O Passo Estratégico é um material escrito e enxuto que possui dois objetivos principais:
a) orientar revisões eficientes;
b) destacar os pontos mais importantes e prováveis de serem cobrados em prova.
Assim, o Passo Estratégico pode ser utilizado tanto para turbinar as revisões dos alunos mais
adiantados nas matérias, quanto para maximizar o resultado na reta final de estudos por parte
dos alunos que não conseguirão estudar todo o conteúdo do curso regular.
Em ambas as formas de utilização, como regra, o aluno precisa utilizar o Passo Estratégico em
conjunto com um curso regular completo.
Isso porque nossa didática é direcionada ao aluno que já possui uma base do conteúdo.
Assim, se você vai utilizar o Passo Estratégico:
a) como método de revisão, você precisará de seu curso completo para realizar as leituras
indicadas no próprio Passo Estratégico, em complemento ao conteúdo entregue diretamente em
nossos relatórios;
b) como material de reta final, você precisará de seu curso completo para buscar maiores
esclarecimentos sobre alguns pontos do conteúdo que, em nosso relatório, foram eventualmente
expostos utilizando uma didática mais avançada que a sua capacidade de compreensão, em
razão do seu nível de conhecimento do assunto.


                        Seu cantinho de estudos famoso!
                       Poste uma foto do seu cantinho de estudos nos stories do
                                       Instagram e nos marque:




                                           @passoestrategico
                       Vamos repostar sua foto no nosso perfil para que ele fique
                               famoso entre milhares de concurseiros!




        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa          5
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                     40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09




                                       ANÁLISE ESTATÍSTICA
Inicialmente, convém destacar os percentuais de incidência das questões de Inglês nas provas
elaboradas pelas bancas CEBRASPE, FCC, FGV e VUNESP nos últimos anos.
Lembrando, quanto maior o percentual de cobrança de um dado assunto, maior sua importância:

                                   Assunto                                            Grau de incidência em
                                                                                    concursos anteriores para a
                                                                                            Área Fiscal


            Interpretação de Textos (compreensão)                                             9,71%


                  Vocabulário e Tradução (inglês)                                              15%


                          Gramática (inglês)                                                  6,45%


                             Inglês Técnico                                                   4,09%



                                          DICAS DO COACH
       Prezados,

       durante a resolução dos exercícios você precisa estar concentrado, pois qualquer desatenção fará
com que deixe passar detalhes cobrados nas questões. Para evitar que isso ocorra, recomendamos que
você adote as seguintes ações:

       1 - Faça marcações dos principais pontos exigidos nos enunciados; e

      2 - Caso entenda necessário faça anotações sintéticas daquilo que remete você àquilo que está
sendo perguntado.




        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa                                 6
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                                            40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09




                                   CADERNO DE EXERCÍCIOS
(PREFEITURA MUNICIPAL DE DOIS CÓRREGOS (SP) - VUNESP - 2019)

1 - TEXT

Two Aug. 31 articles painted different pictures of whether the District of Columbia is a safe place
to live. “D.C. rises to No. 7 in world’s safest cities index, up from 23rd two years ago” mentions
the results of the latest report by the British organization Economist Intelligence Unit ranking 60
cities using an index of 57 indicators, including digital security, access to quality health care and
disaster preparedness.
“One dead, six wounded following overnight and early-morning violence” told a different story. A
16-year-old boy was found shot dead. In five other incidents, “no one suffered serious injuries,
but all of the victims were taken to hospitals.” All involved gunshot. A man and a woman were hit
by bullets fired from a passing car. Police found a man with gunshot wounds. A woman eating
dinner at her dining room table heard several shots, then discovered a bullet had hit her shoulder.
A man passing a small group of men was shot in the back. A woman was hurt in the ribs by a man
trying to rob her.
On the issue of whether the District is safe, the situation can look very different from an
economist’s downtown suite than from a city street on a hot summer night.
Karl Polzer, Falls Church.

                                                                (www.thewashingtonpost.com. 04.09.2019. Adaptado)

Assinale a alternativa em que o trecho encontra-se na voz ativa.

A) A 16-year-old boy was found shot dead.
B) All of the victims were taken to hospital.
C) A man and a woman were hit by bullets fired from a passing car.
D) A bullet had hurt the woman’s shoulder.
E) A woman was hurt in the ribs by a man trying to rob her.


(PREFEITURA MUNICIPAL DE DOIS CÓRREGOS (SP) - VUNESP - 2019)

2 - TEXT

                                              The Indonesian tribe that rejects technology

The Baduy tribe from Banten in Indonesia practise seclusion and reject all modern technology to
protect their ancient traditions. For centuries, their way of life hasn’t changed. Electricity is
prohibited, along with modern modes of communication and formal education. Power lines stop
at the border of their lands, but in recent years, the outside world has begun to creep in.
The tribe has split in two – the more strict inner circle remain “pure”, while the outer circle have
relaxed some rules. Some have started using mobile phones and solar-powered lanterns. Will
adopting some aspects of modern technology help the Baduy survive the modern world, or will it
make their ancient traditions disappear?



        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa                              7
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                                        40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09


                                                                       (Hassan Ghani. www.aljazeera.com. 20.02.2018)

O tempo verbal present perfect simple está corretamente utilizado na alternativa:

A) I have known him for years – we lived in neighboring streets and walked to school together.
B) We have first met just a few years ago – but then became best friends forever!
C) I have often complained about homework assigning before I became a teacher myself.
D) My family have lived in the big city for years before we had to move to the country.
E) I have finished the long battery of tests and could go home and at last.


(PREFEITURA MUNICIPAL DE ITAPEVI (SP) - VUNESP - 2019)




3 - Na oração “Your teacher told me that you’re having trouble…”, os verbos em negrito estão
nos mesmos tempos verbais que os da alternativa:

A) begged – be marked.
B) said – will have worked.
C) fell – is trying.
D) plays – are working.
E) is being called – takes.

(UNIVERSIDADE ESTADUAL DE CAMPINAS (SP) - VUNESP - 2018 - 2019)

4 - Leia o texto para responde à questão.

A Free Press Needs You

By The Editorial Board
August 15, 2018

In 1787, the year the Constitution was adopted in the USA, Thomas Jefferson famously wrote to a
friend, “Were it left to me to decide whether we should have a government without newspapers,
or newspapers without a government, I should not hesitate a moment to prefer the latter.”




        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa                                 8
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                                           40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09



That’s how he felt before he became president, anyway. Twenty years later, after enduring the
oversight of the press from inside the White House, he was less sure of its value. “Nothing can
now be believed which is seen in a newspaper,” he wrote. “Truth itself becomes suspicious by
being put into that polluted vehicle.”

Jefferson’s discomfort was, and remains, understandable. Reporting the news in an open society
is an enterprise laced with conflict. His discomfort also illustrates the need for the right of free
press he helped to preserve. As the founders believed from their own experience, a well-informed
public is best equipped to root out corruption and, over the long haul, promotes liberty and
justice. “Public discussion is a political duty,” the Supreme Court said in 1964. That discussion
must be “uninhibited, robust, and wide-open” and “may well include vehement, caustic and
sometimes unpleasantly sharp attacks on government and public officials.”

(www.nytimes.com/interactive/2018/08/15/opinion/editorials/free-press-local-journalism-news-donald-trump.html?action=click&m
                                    odule=Trending&pgtype=Article&region=Footer&contentCollection=Trending. Adaptado.)


No trecho do terceiro parágrafo – That discussion must be “uninhibited, robust, and wide-open”
–, o termo em destaque pode ser substituído, sem alteração de sentido, por

A) used to.
B) can.
C) going to.
D) might.
E) has to.

(PREFEITURA MUNICIPAL DE CERQUILHO (SP) - VUNESP - 2019)

5 - TEXT

I have suggested that many, if not most teachers, could usefully adjust the values they emphasise.
Here, three of them:

1. From Short-Term to Long-Term Aims

Learning a foreign language can be a valuable, long-term personal asset for the student. lt can be
inhibited by over-emphasising short-term objectives — tests, pressure to speak before you are
ready etc.

2. From Knowledge to Skill

Knowledge involves answers and explanations and is necessary, but not sufficient. What matters is
not what you know, but what you can do. ‘Knowing’ a foreign language may be interesting; the
ability to use it is life-enhancing.

3. From Accuracy to Communication

Successful communication always involves at least limited accuracy. Accuracy need not involve
communication at all. Communication is a wider, more useful concept; successful language is
more valuable than language which is only accurate.


        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa                                        9
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                                                   40

                                      https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09




                                                               (Michael Lewis. The lexical approach. 2002. Adaptado)

In the sentence “What matters is not what you know, but what you can do”, the underlined verb
indicates

A) a certainty.
B) a necessity.
C) a suggestion.
D) a permission.
E) an ability.

(SERVIÇO SOCIAL DA INDÚSTRIA DO ESTADO DE SÃO PAULO - CESPE (CEBRASPE) - 2008)




        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa                                10
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                                           40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09




6 - “did” (Line 11) indicates

A) an interrogative-negative form.
B) a negative form.
C) an interrogative form.
D) an inversion after a negative adverb.




        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa   11
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                              40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
 Rodrigo Perni
 Aula 09



(SERVIÇO SOCIAL DA INDÚSTRIA DO ESTADO DE SÃO PAULO - CESPE (CEBRASPE) - 2008)




       Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa   12
       www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                              40

                                    https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09




7 - “She was invited to the home of an Australian friend” (R.2-3) is the same as

A) an Australian friend had invited her.
B) an Australian friend invited her.
C) an Australian friend has invited her.
D) an Australian friend was going to invite her.

(CÂMARA DOS DEPUTADOS - FCC - 2007)

8 - E-9.025 Patient Advocacy for Change in Law and Policy

Physicians may participate in individual acts, grassroots activities, or legally permissible collective
action to advocate for change, as provided for in the AMA’s Principles of Medical Ethics.
Whenever engaging in advocacy efforts, physicians ____________ ensure that the health of
patients is not jeopardized and that patient care is not compromised.

Formal unionization of physicians, and including physicians-in-training, may tie physicians’
obligations to the interests of workers who may not share physicians’ primary and overriding
commitment to patients and the public health. Physicians should not form workplace alliances
with those who do not share these ethical priorities.

Strikes and other collective action may reduce access to care, eliminate or delay necessary care,
and interfere with continuity of care. Each of these consequences raises ethical concerns.


        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa                   13
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                              40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09



Physicians should refrain from the use of the strike as a bargaining tactic. In rare circumstances,
individual or grassroots actions, such as brief limitations of personal availability, may be
appropriate as a means of calling attention to needed changes in patient care. Physicians are
cautioned that some actions may put them or their organizations at risk of violating antitrust laws.
Consultation with legal counsel is advised.

Physicians and physicians-in-training should press for needed reforms through the use of
informational campaigns, non-disruptive public demonstrations, lobbying and publicity
campaigns, and collective negotiation, or other options that do not jeopardize the health of
patients or compromise patient care.

                                   (Adapted from htpp://www.ama-assn.org/ama1/pub/upload/mm/38/a-05ceja.pdf)

A palavra que preenche a lacuna corretamente é

A) can.
B) must.
C) may.
D) might.
E) could.

(PREFEITURA MUNICIPAL DE VITÓRIA (ES) - CESPE (CEBRASPE) - 2007)

9 - Consider the following sentence.

There is a new shopping mall in town.

With respect to this sentence, judge the following item.

There to be is the infinitive form of “There is”.

C) Certo.
E) Errado.


(PREFEITURA MUNICIPAL DE VITÓRIA (ES) - CESPE (CEBRASPE) - 2007)

10 - Regarding the use of phrasal verbs, judge the item below.

To be fed up with something means to be annoyed, angry or bored.

C) Certo.
E) Errado.




        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa                        14
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                                   40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09



(PREFEITURA MUNICIPAL DE OSASCO (SP) - FGV - 2014)




11 - Help prevent a coral catastrophe

Fight the destructive harvesting and unregulated trade of one of the most attractive inhabitants of
our tropical oceans.

                                                                                    (http://wwf.panda.org/)
Fight in “Fight the destructive harvesting” is in the

A) future.
B) gerund.
C) imperative.
D) simple past.
E) simple present.

(PREFEITURA MUNICIPAL DE JOÃO PESSOA (PB) - FGV - 2013)




        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa                       15
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                                  40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09




12 - In the fragment “where students have to act out roles” (lines 20 and 21), “have to” means

A) should.
B) must.
C) may.
D) will.
E) can.


(INSTITUTO ESTADUAL DO AMBIENTE DO RIO DE JANEIRO - FGV - 2013)

Water Resources Management

Water is essential for socio‐economic development and for maintaining healthy ecosystems.
Properly managed water resources are a critical component of growth, poverty reduction and
equity. The livelihoods of the poorest are

5 critically associated with access to water services.

With higher rates of urbanization, increasing demand for drinking water will put stress on existing
water sources. Feeding a planet of 8 billion by 2030 will require producing more food with less
water and through improved water

10 efficiency in agriculture. Energy demand will more than double in poor and emerging
economies in the next 25 years and hydropower will need to be a key contributor to clean energy


        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa                16
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                           40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09



production. Floods and droughts will continue to threaten farmer livelihoods and lowland
economies. Besides the needs

15 for these human activities we have to ensure that the environmental water flows required to
maintain ecosystems are also maintained.

Water Resources Management aims at optimizing the available natural water flows, including
surface water and
20 groundwater, to satisfy these competing needs. Adding uncertainty, climate change will
increase the complexity of managing water resources. In some parts of the world, there will be
more available water but in other parts, including the developing world, there will be less.

25 The mounting challenges posed by the changing demand for and supply of the resource
highlight the importance of water in any development and growth agenda. The ability of
developing countries to make more water available for domestic, agricultural, industrial and
environmental uses will

30 depend on better management of water resources and more cross‐sectoral planning and
integration. With water security declining in many parts of the world, strengthening the resiliency
of the poorest countries and populations to climate change impacts becomes crucial, not only to
ensure future

35 water supply but also to combat food and energy price volatility.

                   (http://water.worldbank.org/topics/water‐resources‐management, retrieved on March 29th, 2013)

13 - Highlight in “highlight the importance of water” (lines 26 and 27) has the same meaning of:

A) bring in.
B) bring out.
C) bring down.
D) bring under.
E) bring about.




        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa                            17
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                                       40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09



(INSTITUTO ESTADUAL DO AMBIENTE DO RIO DE JANEIRO - FGV - 2013)




14 - The underlined word in “the available natural water flows” (lines 18 and 19) is a(n):

A) preposition.
B) adjective.
C) adverb.
D) noun.
E)) verb.


        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa            18
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                       40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09



(INSTITUTO ESTADUAL DO AMBIENTE DO RIO DE JANEIRO - FGV - 2013)

Executive Secretary Job Description

Executive secretaries are not just a pleasant voice answering the phone, making coffee or typing
memos. The main responsibility of an executive secretary is to provide administrative support to
high‐level officials in an organization.

5 Executive secretaries are responsible for handling highly

confidential documents, protecting an organization's confidential information, communication
and information management, managing office supplies, making travel arrangements, scheduling
meetings and events and

10 negotiating with vendors.

The executive secretary should have great familiarity with office software and machines. She or he
may even train new lower‐level secretaries. In some professions, like law and medicine, the
executive secretary is expected to be familiar

15 with the technical vocabulary of the industry.

Changing Job Duties

The evolution of technology makes individuals more productive, and tough economic factors
force companies to downsize. As a result, executive secretaries today don't just do

20 traditional staff support work. They also take on increasingly more responsibilities, which
individuals in higher management positions previously were responsible. These tasks may include
project research and management, PowerPoint presentations and report generation.

                              (http://education‐portal.com/executive_secretary.html, retrieved on March 30th, 2013)

15 - The modal auxiliary in the sentence “She or he may even train new lower‐level secretaries”
(lines 12 and 13) indicates a(n):

A) prohibition.
B) possibility.
C) suggestion.
D) obligation.
E) necessity.

(POLÍCIA CIVIL DO ESTADO DO RIO DE JANEIRO - FGV - 2011)

The Lifting Force of the Rotor

Helicopters and other related rotary wing aircraft are widely varied in their concept and
configuration. These notes relate primarily to the single rotor helicopter of the type that employs
a compensating tail rotor.


        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa                               19
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                                          40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09




Although the aerodynamics of the helicopter are based on the same laws that govern the flight of
a fixed wing aeroplane, the significance of some considerations is somewhat changed.

Both rely on lift produced from air flowing around an aerofoil, but whereas the aeroplane must
move bodily through the air, the helicopter’s “wings” move independently of the fuselage and
can produce lift with the aircraft remaining stationary.

                     (http://www.amazon.com/Helicopter-Pilots-Manual-Vol-1/dp/185310759X#reader_185310759X)

16 - must in “must move bodily” indicates:

A) necessity.
B) condition.
C) probability.
D) advice.
E) permission.

(SENADO FEDERAL - FGV - 2008)




17 - The verb form in “Many sociology majors are able to…” (line 13) can be replaced by

A) must
B) should
C) will
D) could
E) can




        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa                       20
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                                  40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09



(SECRETARIA DE ESTADO DA FAZENDA DE MATO GROSSO DO SUL - FGV - 2006)




                                                                          (International Herald Tribune, April 8-9, 2006)

18 - In the text, all the following constructions are passive, except

A) are constructed (lines 1-2).
B) has been created (line 2).
C) are using (line 9).
D) will be added (line 12).
E) to be used (line 13).




        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa                                     21
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                                                40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09



(PREFEITURA MUNICIPAL DE OSASCO (SP) - FGV - 2014)




19 - The modal verb in “Teachers of English could not only work together with teachers of music”
(lines 23 and 24) implies




        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa            22
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                       40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09




A) necessity.
B) obligation.
C) possibility.
D) permission.
E) impossibility.


(SECRETÁRIO DE EDUCAÇÃO DO ESTADO DE PERNAMBUCO - FGV - 2015)




20 - At a buffet service where all food is arranged on tables and waiters do not take orders, the
most polite and adequate instruction a waiter should give to customers is:

A) “Please feed yourselves”.
B) “You may help yourselves”.
C) “Make sure you eat all you can”.
D) “Our service is the best in town”.
E) “I apologize for not taking your order”.




        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa             23
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                        40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
 Rodrigo Perni
 Aula 09



(BANCO DO BRASIL - CESGRANRIO - 2021)




       Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa   24
       www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                              40

                                    https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09




                                                                          Available at <https://www.usbank.com/fi
                                                                          nancialiq/manage-your-household/personal-i
                                                                          nance/covid-economy-expert-insights.
                                                                          tml>. Retrieved on: Jul. 20, 2021. Adapted.

21 - In the 3ʳᵈ paragraph, in the fragment “These everyday purchases put money back into the
economy and prevent it from dipping further into a recession”, the pronoun it refers to

A) money
B) purchases
C) recession
D) economy
E) back




        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa                                 25
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                                            40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
 Rodrigo Perni
 Aula 09



(BANCO DO BRASIL - CESGRANRIO - 2021)




       Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa   26
       www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                              40

                                    https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09




                                                                          Available at <https://www.usbank.com/fi
                                                                          ancialiq/manage-your-household/personal-
                                                                          nance/covid-economy-expert-insights.
                                                                          html>. Retrieved on: Jul. 20, 2021. Adapted.

22 - In the 1ˢᵗ paragraph, the word uncertain, in the fragment “in this uncertain time” is formed
with the prefix un-. A pair of words formed with prefixes that convey the same meaning is:

A) doubtful / joblessness
B) unique / only
C) impossible / discourage
D) certainty / envision
E) inside / intimate




        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa                                  27
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                                             40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
 Rodrigo Perni
 Aula 09



(BANCO DO BRASIL - CESGRANRIO - 2018)




                                                       ==219a34==




       Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa   28
       www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                              40

                                    https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09




Available at: <http://careers.stateuniversity.com/pages/151/Bank-Clerk.html>. Retrieved on: Aug. 22, 2017. Adapted.

23 - In “In addition to these specialists, banks need general clerical help” (lines 25-27), the phrase
these specialists refers to

A) “messengers” (line 28)
B) “mail handlers” (lines 27-28)
C) “proof operators” (line 23) and “bookkeeping clerks” (lines 24-25)
D) “data entry keyers” (line 27)
E) “file clerks” (line 27)


        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa                               29
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                                          40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
 Rodrigo Perni
 Aula 09



(BANCO DO BRASIL - CESGRANRIO - 2018)




       Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa   30
       www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                              40

                                    https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09




Available at: <http://careers.stateuniversity.com/pages/151/Bank-Clerk.html>. Retrieved on: Aug. 22, 2017. Adapted.

24 - In the sentence of the text “Generally, loan clerks are on the high end of this range,whereas
general office clerks are on the lower end” (lines 78-80), the word whereas

A) expresses a contrast.
B) highlights a problem.
C) imposes a condition.
D) introduces an example.
E) points out a solution.


        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa                               31
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                                          40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
 Rodrigo Perni
 Aula 09



(PETROBRÁS TRANSPORTES - CESGRANRIO - 2017)




       Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa   32
       www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                              40

                                    https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09




25 - In the fragment “...which are used to handle cargo on container ships” (line 14), which refers
to

A) containers (line 10)
B) officers (line 13)
C) tools (line 14)
D) ships (line 15)
E) points (line 16)

(PREFEITURA MUNICIPAL DE SÃO LUÍS (MA) - FCC - 2018)

26 - Considere o texto abaixo.

"[AuditFile] is a great auditing tool and I love how I can log in while I'm at the client’s office
instead of worrying about checking out
files like I did with the previous software I used."
− Reviewer A

"AuditFile rocks! I have the opportunity to look at a lot of accounting tools. The sign-up process
for AuditFile is one of the easiest I
have seen... it only takes a few minutes to be up and running!"
− Reviewer B

"AuditFile.com has been the best project management system we have used, allowing us to
easily manage over 20 projects.
Their integration of file management and progress reporting has made our practice more
efficient. Additionally, the ability to track
our target projects with their CRM tool has allowed us to close more deals. Kevin and his team
add tremendous value to our
small practice."
− Reviewer C




        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa               33
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                          40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09



"AuditFile.com has been amazing for our firm. It’s not just a change in platform, but a change in
the way we view our audit
practice. We now have the reach and resources of firms several times our size. As a small firm who
has had parts of their
accounting practice in the cloud for years it’s been a goal of ours to move our audit practice to
the cloud for quite some time."
− Reviewer D

"AuditFile is a cloud-based audit solution that lets firms track and manage every aspect of the
audit, review or compilation
process. It's also working on integrating with major online accounting software solutions, so it's
more than doing its part to bring
audit into the same cloud-based, integrated, automated world that tax and accounting have been
in for more than a decade."
− Reviewer E

(Adapted from: https://auditfile.com/)

Afirma-se com propriedade sobre o texto:

A) De acordo com o comentário de E, o AuditFile é o único sistema de auditoria que já permite
integração com algumas ferramentas de contabilidade.
B) Segundo o comentário de D, com o AuditFile, sua empresa poderá finalmente transferir seus
processos de contabilidade e
auditoria para a nuvem.
C) Infere-se do comentário de B que se trata de proprietário de empresa de pequeno porte.
D) O comentário de A é o único que apresenta preocupação com a segurança dos arquivos de
seus clientes.
E) O comentário de C salienta que a ferramenta CRM do AuditFile permitiu à sua empresa
ampliar sua carteira de clientes.

(PREFEITURA MUNICIPAL DE TERESINA (PI) - FCC - 2018)

27 - “If you have an employee who constantly tries to get out of doing his work you may have to
think about firing him”

Com relação a frase acima, é correto afirmar:

A) Se você contratou um funcionário que frequentemente mente sobre suas tarefas, deveria
pensar em demiti-lo
B) Se você tem um funcionário que frequentemente tenta sair mais cedo do trabalho, deveria
pensar em demiti-lo
C) Se você possui um funcionário que constantemente não cumpre com as suas obrigações,
deveria pensar em adverti-lo.
D) Se você tem um funcionário que constantemente tenta safar-se do seu trabalho, deveria
pensar em demiti-lo
E) Se você contratou um funcionário que diariamente tenta sair mais cedo do trabalho, deveria
pensar em adverti-lo



        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa              34
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                         40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09



(CÂMARA LEGISLATIVA DO DISTRITO FEDERAL (DF) - FCC - 2018)

28 - Family-Based Immigrant Visas

Two groups of family based immigrant visa categories, including immediate relatives and family
preference categories, are provided under the provisions of United States immigration law,
specifically the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA). As the first step, a sponsoring relative must
file a Petition for Alien Relative, Form I-130 with the Department of Homeland Security, U.S.
Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS).

Immediate Relative Immigrant Visas (Unlimited): These visa types are based on a close family
relationship with a United States (U.S.) citizen described as an Immediate Relative (IR). The
number of immigrants in these categories is not limited each fiscal year. Immediate relative visa
types include:

      − IR-1: Spouse of a U.S. Citizen Note: A spouse is a legally wedded husband or wife. Merely
living together does not qualify a marriage for immigration.

    − IR-2: Unmarried Child Under 21 Years of Age of a U.S. Citizen

    − IR-3: Orphan adopted abroad by a U.S. Citizen

    − IR-4: Orphan to be adopted in the U.S. by a U.S. citizen

    − IR-5: Parent of a U.S. Citizen who is at least 21 years old

Family Preference Immigrant Visas (Limited): These visa types are for specific, more distant, family
relationships with a U.S. citizen and some specified relationships with a Lawful Permanent
Resident (LPR). There are fiscal year numerical limitations on family preference immigrants, shown
at the end of each category. The family preference categories are:

      − Family First Preference (F1): Unmarried sons and daughters of U.S. citizens, and their minor
children, if any. (23,400)

     − Family Second Preference (F2): Spouses, minor children, and unmarried sons and daughters
(age 21 and over) of LPRs. At least seventy-seven percent of all visas available for this category
will go to the spouses and children; the remainder is allocated to unmarried sons and daughters.
(114,200)

    − Family Third Preference (F3): Married sons and daughters of U.S. citizens, and their spouses
and minor children. (23,400)

    − Family Fourth Preference (F4): Brothers and sisters of U.S. citizens, and their spouses and
minor children, provided the U.S. citizens are at least 21 years of age. (65,000)

Note: Grandparents, aunts, uncles, in-laws, and cousins cannot sponsor a relative for immigration.

Numerical Limitations for Limited Family-Based Preference Categories



        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa                 35
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                            40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09



Whenever the number of qualified applicants for a category exceeds the available immigrant
visas, there will be an immigration wait. In this situation, the available immigrant visas will be
issued in the chronological order in which the petitions were filed using their priority date.

(Adapted                                                                                    from:
https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/immigrate/family-immigration/family-based-im
migrant-visas.html#1)

De acordo com o texto,

A) filhos de pais solteiros, mesmo que esses sejam filhos de cidadãos americanos, não
preenchem os requisitos para obter o visto F1.
B) cerca de 3/4 dos vistos da categoria F2 são destinados a cônjuges e filhos menores e maiores
de Residentes Legais Permanentes
C) sogros de cidadãos americanos não podem patrocinar a imigração de parentes
D) vistos não concedidos por excederem o número disponível naquele ano fiscal devem ser
solicitados novamente.
E) há um claro esforço para que os limites dos vistos de imigração baseados em parentesco
sejam revistos.

(CÂMARA LEGISLATIVA DO DISTRITO FEDERAL (DF)- FCC - 2018)

29 - Leia o texto a seguir.

Microphone Though many video cameras have microphones built in, you’ll get better quality
audio with a lavalier or headset microphone, because the mic itself can be much closer to the
source of the audio.

 Our ears and brain can filter out ambient noise so we can listen to what’s important, but
microphones cannot, and a mic placed several feet away from the subject will pick up a lot of
extra noise (heating/air conditioning systems, automotive traffic, people walking in a hallway, etc.)
that will be noticeable and probably distracting in the final recording.

 If possible, record a minute or several minutes of the subject speaking normally as they will
during the interview and listen to the recording to see how much extra noise is audible; the less,
the better.

 Tip: get the mic as close to the subject as you reasonably can without it being visually distracting.
 (How to Record High-Quality Audio and Video, Andrew Minion, 3 Apr 2014. Disponível em:
https://computers.tutsplus.com/tutorials/ how-to-record-high-quality-audio-and-video-cms-19668)

De acordo com o texto,

A) deve-se utilizar um filtro para a retirada do ruído ambiente.
B) um áudio de melhor qualidade será obtido com microfones embutidos das câmeras de vídeo
do que um microfone de lapela ou headset.
C) não se deve colocar o microfone muito próximo de quem for falar, pois isso causa distração
visual.



        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa                  36
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                             40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09



D) gravar um pequeno tempo falando-se normalmente como se fosse a entrevista, para depois
ouvir essa gravação, permite avaliar quanto ruído audível se encontra presente
E) ruído ambiente captado pelos microfones não são tão importantes, pois nossos ouvidos e
cérebro podem filtrá-los.

(CÂMARA LEGISLATIVA DO DISTRITO FEDERAL (DF) - FCC - 2018)

30 - Leia o texto a seguir.

Video Camera Ensure you have a good-quality video camera. Generally, a higher-cost camera
probably will be better quality, because a large part of the cost goes towards the lens and
sensors. As far as resolution goes, there is no real reason not to record in HD at least in 720p (720
pixels tall) or maybe even 1080p (1,080 pixels tall).

Tip: the p stands for progressive, which means that each horizontal row of the picture is recorded
and played in succession (1, 2, 3, 4, etc.), as opposed to i, or interlaced, where every other
horizontal row is recorded and played in an alternating pattern (1, 3, 2, 4, etc.).

You’ll also want to take care of all the creative details, including ensuring that there is enough
light to get a good image. Too little light results in a dark or grainy video.

Tip: Ensure the camera is in focus before starting the recording.

(How to Record High-Quality Audio and Video, Andrew Minion, 3 Apr 2014. Disponível em:
https://computers.tutsplus.com/tutorials/ how-to-record-high-quality-audio-and-video-cms-19668)

De acordo com o texto,

A) geralmente, mesmo as câmeras de alto custo, não permitem gravação no padrão hd.
B) a letra p após o número de pixels indica que cada linha horizontal da imagem é gravada e
reproduzida em sequência do tipo 1, 3, 2, 4, ...).
C) uma gravação que resulte em um vídeo granulado é devido a pouca presença de luz.
D) a letra i após o número de pixels indica que se trata do padrão interlaçado, que é o oposto do
padrão p, ou seja, cada linha horizontal da imagem é gravada e reproduzida em sequência do
tipo 1, 2, 3, 4, ...).
E) deve-se desfocar a câmera antes de iniciar a gravação, focando-a gradativamente para
produzir um efeito na abertura.

                                    “Ganhar não é tudo, mas querer ganhar é.”

                                                   Vince Lombardi

                                                  Rodrigo Perni




                           Instagram: www.instagram.com/coachrodrigoperni


        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa                 37
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                                            40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09



Gabarito




1 - Letra D

2 - Letra A

3 - Letra C

4 - Letra E

5 - Letra E

6 - Letra D

7 - Letra B

8 - Letra B

9 - Certo

10 - Certo

11 - Letra C

12 - Letra B

13 - Letra B

14 - Letra D

15 - Letra B

16 - Letra A

17 - Letra E

18 - Letra C


        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa   38
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                              40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
  Rodrigo Perni
  Aula 09



19 - Letra C

20 - Letra B

21 - Letra D

22 - Letra C

23 - Letra C

24 - Letra A

25 - Letra C

26 - Letra E

27 - Letra D

28 - Letra C

29 - Letra D

30 - Letra C




        Receita Federal (Analista Tributário) Passo Estratégico de Língua Inglesa   39
        www.estrategiaconcursos.com.br                                              40

                                     https://t.me/KakashiAssinaturasBot
